removed unwanted comma and improved  README.md (#8310)
solo-io/gloo: README.md

## Using Gloo Edge
- **Kubernetes ingress controller** : Gloo Edge can function as a feature-rich ingress controller, built on top of the Envoy Proxy. 
- **Next-generation API gateway** : Gloo Edge provides a long list of API gateway features including rate limiting, circuit breaking, retries, caching, transformation, service-mesh integration, security, external authentication and authorization. 
- **Hybrid apps** : Gloo Edge creates applications that route to backends implemented as microservices, serverless functions and legacy apps. This feature can help users to -
   - A) Gradually migrate from their legacy code to microservices and serverless.
   - B) Add new functionalities using cloud-native technologies while maintaining their legacy codebase.
   - C) Allow different teams in an organization choose different architectures. 
       See [here](https://www.solo.io/hybrid-app) for more on the Hybrid App paradigm. 

## What makes Gloo Edge unique

> - **Function-level routing allows to integration of legacy applications, microservices and serverless** : Gloo Edge can route requests directly to _functions_ .Request to Function can be a serverless function call (e.g. Lambda, Google Cloud Function, OpenFaaS Function, etc.), an API call on a microservice or a legacy service (e.g. a REST API call, OpenAPI operation, XML/SOAP request etc.), or publishing to a message queue (e.g. NATS, AMQP, etc.). This unique ability is what makes Gloo Edge the only API gateway that supports hybrid apps as well as the only one that does not tie the user to a specific paradigm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Function-level routing allows to integration of legacy applications, microservices and serverless**: Gloo Edge can route requests directly to _functions_. Request to Function can be a serverless function call (e.g. Lambda, Google Cloud Function, OpenFaaS Function, etc.), an API call on a microservice or a legacy service (e.g. a REST API call, OpenAPI operation, XML/SOAP request etc.), or publishing to a message queue (e.g. NATS, AMQP, etc.). This unique ability is what makes Gloo Edge the only API gateway that supports hybrid apps as well as the only one that does not tie the user to a specific paradigm. 
```

Author: changes are done please review it , let me know still i missed i missed something or good to go !

## Using Gloo Edge
- **Kubernetes ingress controller**: Gloo Edge can function as a feature-rich ingress controller, built on top of the Envoy Proxy. 

> - **Next-generation API gateway** : Gloo Edge provides a long list of API gateway features including rate limiting, circuit breaking, retries, caching, external authentication, authorization, transformation, service-mesh integration and security. 

Reviewer: this one should remain as `external authentication and authorization`, meaning external authn _and_ external authz

Author: Thanks for suggestion , ill commit changes ASAP

> - **Hybrid apps**: Gloo Edge creates applications that route to backends implemented as microservices, serverless functions and legacy apps. This feature can help users to gradually migrate from their legacy code to microservices and serverless; can let users add new functionalities using cloud-native technologies while maintaining their legacy codebase; it can be used in cases where different teams in an organization choose different architectures; and more. See [here](https://www.solo.io/hybrid-app) for more on the Hybrid App paradigm. 

Reviewer: maybe a list could help
```suggestion
- **Hybrid apps**: Gloo Edge creates applications that route to backends implemented as microservices, serverless functions, and legacy apps. This feature can help users:
  - Gradually migrate from their legacy code to microservices and serverless
  - Add new functionalities using cloud-native technologies while maintaining their legacy codebase
  - Allow different teams in an organization choose different architectures
  See [here](https://www.solo.io/hybrid-app) for more on the Hybrid App paradigm. 
```

## What makes Gloo Edge unique

> - **Function-level routing allows integration of legacy applications, microservices and serverless**: Gloo Edge can route requests directly to _functions_ which can be a serverless function call (e.g. Lambda, Google Cloud Function, OpenFaaS function, etc.), an API call on a microservice or a legacy service (e.g. a REST API call, OpenAPI operation, XML/SOAP request etc.), or publishing to a message queue (e.g. NATS, AMQP, etc.). This unique ability is what makes Gloo Edge the only API gateway that supports hybrid apps, as well as the only one that does not tie the user to a specific paradigm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Function-level routing allows integration of legacy applications, microservices and serverless**: Gloo Edge can route requests directly to _functions_. A function can be a serverless function call (e.g. Lambda, Google Cloud Function, OpenFaaS function, etc.), an API call on a microservice or a legacy service (e.g. a REST API call, OpenAPI operation, XML/SOAP request etc.), or publishing to a message queue (e.g. NATS, AMQP, etc.). This unique ability is what makes Gloo Edge the only API gateway that supports hybrid apps, as well as the only one that does not tie the user to a specific paradigm. 
```
